# Sales_Insights_Power_BI_Report
Power BI dashboard for sales of AtliQ Technologies. 

## We have sales data of AtliQ hardware which contains 5 excel files.
- customers.xlsx : contains customers details
- date.xlxs : contains date of transaction
- markets.xlsx : contains markets details
- products.xlsx : contains products descriptions
- transactions.xlsx : contains transactions details

## Problem Statement
We have to make Power BI dashboard to show the sales trends and analyse data to get valuable insights.

## Data Analysis
- MySQL Workbench was used for data loading and data analysis.
- Power BI was connected with MySQL database to get required sales data to perform data transformation and building dashboard.

## Data Transformation
- Power Query was used for data transformation
- Removed data for US market
- Removed sales amount less than or equal to 0
- Converted USD to INR currency and stored the converted sales amount in new column.
- Changed the data type of new column to decimal number.

## Building Dashboard
Built an interactive dashboard using Power BI to generate sales insights. Revenue and sales quantity was used as base measure. The dashboard includes line chart to show revenue trends, top 5 customers, top 5 products. Total revenue and total sales quantity by different market. The dashboard also has slicer for different year and month.

## Conclusion
- Total revenue generated by the company was 985M.
- Total sales quantity was 2M.
- The revenue trend graph showed the decline in revenue for year 2019 and 2020.
- Delhi market generated highest revenue.
- Delhi market sold the maximun number of quantity.
- Top 5 customers are Electricalsara Stores, Electricalslytical, Excel Stores, Premium Stores and Nixon.
- Top 5 products are Blank(no name given), Prod040, Prod159, Prod065 and Prod018.
